hi again percent
coli
think about doing
the prison break run again
as
the other video in hd
to get started
we make a square of paper with a folio
Rousseff after doing it the size you want
I am doing it
big
so you can see the folds the steps
do not believe it
bush for bouquets this one after offering a branch
denouncing corners that do not inform the crowd
this corner
we fold it in half
koenig eagerness same entity that the removal of cer
we do the same with these premises with which we have
putting them parallel to the student of the center
cb stay down like this
with the folds of course
did from inside and so far
but they do not
we leave the folds sale
It must stay down like this
now
this is going to be the floating cuec
we do not talk
the harshness but not all Chileans who drinking
that does not happen
we open a little
on paper
we started years ago
help us less twice
finish
now let's make the tail
we do not talk
similar to the previous
the demonstrations
commander
now we are going against
let's do
the same as at the beginning we are going to take these fifths
and we're going to put it parallel to extremadura
folding the alhambra
stroessner
mesquida the head of our province
we do the same with a plot
seen the children
again the folds we put it in
télam -
of the folds that you get
with both sides of course
we have something left
with little skill we opened
head
forward
I do not care that we do a little bit here
and inward
as I said before this city head our orbit
the peak does not matter that we were a little
points
well I hope to do
in this context we can not show our way
and we must stay down like this
we'll finish the neck later now let's go with the
I share
we put the tail in then
the only thing that needs to be done now
in this evening with little
i will take it out
we do not talk about what we have left
the tickets a little bit
those that the field well
what do we do
we take
even out
trying to catch a bit
Of the arc
the usach and
it's the same with this side too
helping us
of the other
to establish
in doubles
from the go and we go inwards since these will not be remembered
the citizenship something like that
so
this corner
He used it doubling as much as he could
the area of ​​the head
always trying so I do it 2 a little
all right
of perspective
tilting a little man to bend them completely straight
tilted a little twice
we are the first side the sum is the same with this one
good gesture are
of the oit if you want you can make your bow
neither
The tail
as we want
anyone to finish the room
What is the most
we double
in this way
peeters
is not enough the double
as we have done in
previous steps
we got the head made in
to take something like that
we are a little bit more or less direct
you can if you want
leaving a little wider
with a little more
the scientists
I'm here
pd- to fly down
it's not a little
indurain
everyone writes
you can leave more space who this if you want to cry
and if you liked it
we take the peak
we take it to act
we put it towards
towards part b
and now the flyers end up achieving
so what else do you want
nor write
so let's let the club
the end
and good until iniesta
nor prison break
there we can be competitive with Moscow